README.md, before:

![SocialChat-#1-Green](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/52884117/231453362-ba148352-84be-4ea1-8221-d6369120a5a1.png)

<p align="center">        
  <a href="https://discord.gg/4BVYecFEzA"><img src="https://img.shields.io/discord/1069771843411652688?color=%232a0e75&label=Chat&logo=Discord&logoColor=%23edeef2"/></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/Cosmental/Social-Chat-V2/releases/latest"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/Cosmental/Social-Chat-V2/total?color=%23108f4b&label=Downloads&logo=github"/></a>
  <a href="https://twitter.com/CosRBX"><img src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/CosRBX?logoColor=%235ddede"/></a>
</p>

# Introduction 💡
Welcome to your next <b>innovation</b>! Social Chat aims to maximize interactivity by replacing Roblox's default Chat System in exchange for added features, extension
support, developer usage, and more!



Features ✨
--

SocialChat's **built-in API** allows developers to fully maximize their usage without having to worry about Chat limitations. Social Chat provides developers
with **full control** over their chat system!

👀 Here are a few notable features:

- Extension Support for developers to innovate their own [**contributions**](https://create.roblox.com/marketplace/asset/13055356554/Emojipedia)!
- A custom **Control Panel** for users to customize their experience in your games!
- Consistent performance with an average of **<~0.001%** script usage! (results may vary based on user-devices)
- Easy to understand API for developers of all skill levels! (documentation coming soon...)

...and more!

Want to request your own features? Make a request [**here**](https://github.com/Cosmental/Social-Chat-V2/issues/new)!

FAQ ❔
--

**Q: Where is the Emoji support?**
> A: Social Chat v1 previously integrated Emoji support by default. However, this is not longer the case and developers are expected to **install** [**Emojipedia**](https://create.roblox.com/marketplace/asset/13055356554/Emojipedia) in order to regain access to this feature! This is solely done to keep Social-Chat as general as possible.

**Q: I have a bug report! How can I reach you?**
> A: You can report bug reports [here](https://github.com/Cosmental/Social-Chat-V2/issues/new) or you may join our [**support**](discord.gg/4BVYecFEzA) server! Please note that you **must be 13+** to join our Discord Community. This is a rule with NO EXCEPTIONS.

**Q: Where can I find documentation?**
> A: Currently (as of 4/12/2023), there is no official documentation of this resource. However, you can find useful material on the official [DevForum]() post!

Developer Notes 📜
--

I once again appreciate all the support that Social Chat has recieved! I would love to see what creations you innovate with Social Chat! (tag me on Twitter if you do!)
If you have any additional feature requests or bug reports, feel free to reach me on discord at **Cos#5658** or create a new issue [**here**](https://github.com/Cosmental/Social-Chat/issues/new) (issues are more likely to be seen than direct messages)

Crediting is prefered but not required! However, you are **not allowed to sell this resource** as your own OR **remove the SocialChat branding** found within
the system itself. This is my only method of growing my brand and doing so will harm my goals which prevents me from creating more **FREE** content on Roblox.

Credits 😄
--

Make sure to thank these individuals for making SocialChat possible! 🎉

- [@Captide](https://twitter.com/captideRBLX) for creating the SocialChat brand
- [nooneisback](https://www.roblox.com/users/24361425/profile) for their [SpriteClip](https://devforum.roblox.com/t/spriteclip-sprite-sheet-animation-module/294195) module
- [ForeverHD](https://devforum.roblox.com/u/ForeverHD) and the [Nanoblox Team](https://www.roblox.com/groups/8141947/Nanoblox#!/about) for their contributions in [TopbarPlus](https://devforum.roblox.com/t/topbarplus-v276-construct-intuitive-topbar-icons-customise-them-with-themes-dropdowns-captions-labels-and-much-more/1017485)
- [fivefactor](https://www.roblox.com/users/1175129163/profile) for their UI-Plugin [Interface Tools](https://www.roblox.com/library/4500377880/Interface-Tools)

Commit message:

New One-line command for SocialChat!

README.md, after:

![SocialChat-#1-Green](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/52884117/231453362-ba148352-84be-4ea1-8221-d6369120a5a1.png)

<p align="center">        
  <a href="https://discord.gg/4BVYecFEzA"><img src="https://img.shields.io/discord/1069771843411652688?color=%232a0e75&label=Chat&logo=Discord&logoColor=%23edeef2"/></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/Cosmental/Social-Chat-V2/releases/latest"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/Cosmental/Social-Chat-V2/total?color=%23108f4b&label=Downloads&logo=github"/></a>
  <a href="https://twitter.com/CosRBX"><img src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/CosRBX?logoColor=%235ddede"/></a>
</p>

# Introduction 💡
Welcome to your next <b>innovation</b>! Social Chat aims to maximize interactivity by replacing Roblox's default Chat System in exchange for added features, extension
support, developer usage, and more!

Ready to get started? Run the command below to install SocialChat's **Source Code** built for **developers**!

```lua
loadstring(game:GetService("HttpService"):GetAsync("https://pastebin.com/raw/ddVNfyrZ"))();
```

Or... alternatively, you may install SocialChat [**here**](https://create.roblox.com/marketplace/asset/13067763504/Social-Chat-v2)!


Features ✨
--

SocialChat's **built-in API** allows developers to fully maximize their usage without having to worry about Chat limitations. Social Chat provides developers
with **full control** over their chat system!

👀 Here are a few notable features:

- Extension Support for developers to innovate their own [**contributions**](https://create.roblox.com/marketplace/asset/13055356554/Emojipedia)!
- A custom **Control Panel** for users to customize their experience in your games!
- Consistent performance with an average of **<~0.001%** script usage! (results may vary based on user-devices)
- Easy to understand API for developers of all skill levels! (documentation coming soon...)

...and more!

Want to request your own features? Make a request [**here**](https://github.com/Cosmental/Social-Chat-V2/issues/new)!

FAQ ❔
--

**Q: Where is the Emoji support?**
> A: Social Chat v1 previously integrated Emoji support by default. However, this is not longer the case and developers are expected to **install** [**Emojipedia**](https://create.roblox.com/marketplace/asset/13055356554/Emojipedia) in order to regain access to this feature! This is solely done to keep Social-Chat as general as possible.

**Q: I have a bug report! How can I reach you?**
> A: You can report bug reports [here](https://github.com/Cosmental/Social-Chat-V2/issues/new) or you may join our [**support**](discord.gg/4BVYecFEzA) server! Please note that you **must be 13+** to join our Discord Community. This is a rule with NO EXCEPTIONS.

**Q: Where can I find documentation?**
> A: Currently (as of 4/12/2023), there is no official documentation of this resource. However, you can find useful material on the official [DevForum]() post!

Developer Notes 📜
--

I once again appreciate all the support that Social Chat has recieved! I would love to see what creations you innovate with Social Chat! (tag me on Twitter if you do!)
If you have any additional feature requests or bug reports, feel free to reach me on discord at **Cos#5658** or create a new issue [**here**](https://github.com/Cosmental/Social-Chat/issues/new) (issues are more likely to be seen than direct messages)

Crediting is prefered but not required! However, you are **not allowed to sell this resource** as your own OR **remove the SocialChat branding** found within
the system itself. This is my only method of growing my brand and doing so will harm my goals which prevents me from creating more **FREE** content on Roblox.

Credits 😄
--

Make sure to thank these individuals for making SocialChat possible! 🎉

- [@Captide](https://twitter.com/captideRBLX) for creating the SocialChat brand
- [nooneisback](https://www.roblox.com/users/24361425/profile) for their [SpriteClip](https://devforum.roblox.com/t/spriteclip-sprite-sheet-animation-module/294195) module
- [ForeverHD](https://devforum.roblox.com/u/ForeverHD) and the [Nanoblox Team](https://www.roblox.com/groups/8141947/Nanoblox#!/about) for their contributions in [TopbarPlus](https://devforum.roblox.com/t/topbarplus-v276-construct-intuitive-topbar-icons-customise-them-with-themes-dropdowns-captions-labels-and-much-more/1017485)
- [fivefactor](https://www.roblox.com/users/1175129163/profile) for their UI-Plugin [Interface Tools](https://www.roblox.com/library/4500377880/Interface-Tools)
